I never know where to look in my iphone
like ever think I'm looking in the right
place today is just really really
dreadful in every possible way it's
pissing it down outside it's my first
day at uni nothing seems to be alone
like this morning I don't feel very well
and yeah I'm gonna have to work a ghoul
to go to university I may as well go in
a boat oh I'm just gonna vlog throughout
today on my iphone for shits and giggles
and upload this later yeah what's my
nose let's cannot describe how heavy it
is pissing it down an umbrella and the
morning god damn fucking cagoule that is
the kid shows up on camera how rainy is
I've turned it either way now I
apologize that I fringe is an absolute
state but how you supposed to fix it in
this weather I I suppose that that's the
only problem with losing weight like
your belt can fall off and it's been
adjusted to a specific side because you
bought it that way assuming you're
wasted see the sights brother I don't
know all i know it's absolutely pissing
down i would choose like completely
wrong time to film video I think it's
Bennett's for YouTube is in random
places they don't want to be I canon
below the Sahara Desert record them
shits and giggles why not where's our
breath
oh my jaysus raining so heavy I don't
even see you can see how heavy is
actually raining I don't know how many
times I should have to say this but I
don't know it sounds I have to say this
but in strangest thing with Michael
hundred and something degree weather
high humidity and being all climbing all
the time to it pissing it down and if
you and like winner this is such a
climate change I don't know if my body
can even adjust I'm sorry from shouting
I just it's very loud out here because
pissing it down so much well yeah I
don't know if you guys can tell but I
actually dyed my hair yay fresh green
hair not that faded or two atrocious
mess I should probably watch out for my
bus now just when I thought this day
couldn't get any worse my boss is 10
minutes late really why why it wasn't my
boss my life is a black abyss even below
bosom so long public transport is going
to feel so weird oh and it's a problem
mood to I'm not looking forward to this
these probably most pointless vlog that
you guys haven't seen ever ever but you
know that the most pointless vlogs come
from me eighty-five percent of the time
so two days later Here I am it's now
Wednesday the 26th of sep tember and I
was recording a vlog which I didn't
finish on monday so what ended up
happening is I went to uni and found out
my timetable and few other things and
some of the new rules and they laid it
on pretty hard to be honest and kind of
petrified about the amount of work I'm
gonna have to do uh so after university
me and Chelsea went round and sorted out
loads of things because I'll money
hadn't even come in on time either in
all of his crap and then by the time I'd
finished my day and soon forgot to like
five and I just saw the boss that I
normally get home trail pass Tamia
single-decker not a double decker and
I'm not even joking it was like sardines
on a boss to myself
fuck it and then I ended up more or less
just hopping on the bus with Chelsea and
going to hers and Chelsea lives around
the corner from Niall as well so we both
end up going to Niles for bet and we all
hung out and stuff and we just end up
drawing and time flew by we had it up
staying the night stamping my face feels
really not know I trail off into
oblivion about how it feels nice to be
stomping the date on my face I then
attacks Chelsea too because it seemed
like a good idea at the time she didn't
complain so water over for the rest of
the night we just continued to draw
things and we played this game where you
give your friend a random name and then
they have to draw a monster or random
characters so we just drew the first
things that came into our head switch
with bees and then we just doodled for
the rest of an eye randomly and at one
point and I'll decided to draw on his
guitar and his friends guitar yeah and
then we went to the shop I've got lots
and lots of munchies mmm munchies he's
my munchies these are Chelsea's munchies
next day somehow for some strange reason
we end up staying the night again so I'm
back home now I swear to God that Niles
house is a vortex you you go in and you
don't know when you're gonna be spat
back out again you don't know when
you're gonna come back out again I don't
know why that is I honestly do not know
why that is but yeah I've only just come
home now literally I haven't been home
for the past two days um so yeah I'm
starting to worry a little bit about how
I'm supposed to like manage making all
these videos that I make and I know it
sounds crazy me saying that cuz they
have not uploaded like a massive chunk
of videos for a while but really I'm
starting to get a little bit scared of
how I'm going to manage this you know
I've managed my model in my university
work and YouTube like I'm seriously I'm
going into panic mode so I'm gonna set
out like a timetable I'm gonna try and
make like a certain editing day and yada
yada and just try and kind of reorganize
myself a little bit so the I don't you
know have to miss out on any of them
really so yeah today we ended up getting
really earlier niles house by really
early I mean 12 ish so not at all not
only at all
but 12 ish and decided we would just
have like quick washes and going to
Wigan and get a few bits and bobs I want
to get myself a new cardigan because
can't tradition whenever it's like
winter or it's like you know getting
call though is buy myself a new cardigan
our new jumper I've just got in now Who
am I massive navona jumper and my
whooshing heart this is actually a boy's
hat by the way because that's how I roll
this is my new jacket I think at this
point I was just talking about how I
bought it from wigan and yard a bladder
now I'm pretending that i have a
mustache whoo Shh blah blah blah found a
round round round man dramatic hand
movement damn its hand wash only random
call football of university material
where's my nose rah
so yeah I'm gonna go and have myself a
nice warm shower now and a cup of tea so